So...
Mr. Li Wushuang, do you have anything else to say?
You say you are the phoenix among people
And I am a cement pond without cement.
I don't even deserve to give you leather shoes
Isn't it?
You probably don't know
Everything you have is given to you by me
Although in your eyes I am just a small street vendor
But I am no ordinary street vendor.
My true identity is too big to imagine
Worth your lifetime of awe and admiration
Enough, I've already kicked you.
Is it funny for you to brag like that?
You think you've blown it?
You can get your piece back
Poor self-esteem?
An incompetent and unmotivated person like you
Deserves to be abandoned
Deserved the greatest humiliation of my life
Deserved to never lift my head
Become everyone's joke
Humph is reduced to everyone's smile
not egotism
All of you here today
Which one is qualified to see my jokes?
My Big Brother
You really like to deceive yourself, don't you?
How dare you say
Of all the people here today, who dares to laugh at you?
What a joke
You are a street vendor selling fried noodles
Which one do you say dares not laugh at you?
Second Young Master, there is nothing wrong with what he said
Oh, it does?
Look at these migrant workers he hired today
All hillbillies like him
Who can look down on him?
Hahaha too
I say
Why do you have to invite these migrant workers over?
It turns out that it's just a foil
This boss
Although we are migrant workers
But I didn't eat your food?
Don't humiliate people by opening your mouth, okay?
Oh, it does?
Did you say I humiliated you?
Isn't that what you mean?
Is it hahaha
So what if I humiliate you?
What if I hit you?